website/docs: add docs for source switch expression policy (#16878)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/policies/working_with_policies.md

For an overview of policies, refer to our documentation on [Policies](./index.md).

authentik provides several [standard policy types](./index.md#standard-policies), which can be configured for your specific needs. We also document several useful [expression policies](./expression.mdx#sample-expression-policies).

::info
You can add expressions to our standard policies to further customize them.
:::

To learn more see also [bindings](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/bindings/index.md) and how to [bind policy bindings to a new application when the application is created](../../add-secure-apps/applications/manage_apps.mdx#instructions) (for example, to configure application-specific access).

## Create a policy

To create a new policy, _either a pre-configured one or an expression policy_, follow these steps:

> 1. Log in as an admin to authentik, and go to the Admin interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to authentik as an administrator and open the authentik Admin interface.
```

> 2. In the Admin interface, navigate to **Customization > Policies**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Customization** > **Policies**.
```
